Mogu People Pillows – WTF!?
Published on July 12, 2006.
So I saw this thread on fatwallet about “Mogu People.”
Apparently they’re these squishy pillows in the form of people.
Here’s the hippy company’s description:
Mogu People are reminders of what is best in all of us.
Each one represents a positive human ideal or emotion.
By their presence, Mogu People remind us to use our positive attributes to overcome challenges, reach our goals and follow our dreams.
Keep them around to motivate you throughout the day or share them with others to empower their day.
Friendship, love, encouragement, motivation, sympathy, apologies, birthdays, graduations, anniversaries, holidays…
I guess they were popular a few years ago, but I never heard of them.
They seem to be really cheap now.
Anyway, one of them really creeps me out.
The Success one:
Seriously, it looks like an alien!
I can imagine waking up, seeing this next to me, and flipping out (and killing people)!